# Notes // Sunday June 23, 2019

## General

* Explored the dungeon
  * Finished the Water puzzle
  * Finished the Fire puzzle
* Clint Booker Bandit's Bane - Herald of Air and Water
* Found the gems and put the gems in the altars
* Strange Language (Deep Speech) on placard
* Slept
* Met with the goblin
* Gathered the Red Gem
* Fought the Behold X'al M'al F'tal
* Caught up with the four wisdoms
* Learned Dalton's name, the grandfather

## Experience

|Event|Value|
|--|--|
|Post-fish finds a camp|50|
|Four Wisdoms|450|
|Destroyed the Bandits|100|
|Rumors of a Cult|150|
|Entered the Dungeon|150|
|Punched a Sleeping Woman|50|
|Puzzle of Gems|250|
|Killed Every Being|50|
|`If they help to fulfill the status quo, you know they gotta go` - Max|300|
|Bonus|1000|

## Next Session

* Heading towards Tirithomb
* Planning to learn about the Orderwrought
* Hitting the street
* Something in Uruk/Temerus
* Hit up the Academy

## Criticism

* Use more iconic monster, more iconically. Consider using alternate monster instead.
  * Beholder (No warm-up)
  * Dragon
  * Mind Flayer
* Feel of powerlessness is more desired
* Character voices are good, roleplay was great
* Good choice on Vul'khan for allowing Rule of Cool
* Need to get that iconic music (More themes)
* Reward creative problem solving
* More puzzles

## Additional Notes

### The Berberang

#### Clint

> You, you have brought your fate upon yourself. The actions you take in life, I would know them; but were you for a moment to stop wandering about. You will find your truth in the home of your childhood.

#### Max

> Your memories are blocked, take care not lose yourself in them should they return. You will find your truth closer than expected.

#### Rattlebones

> Interesting, I have encountered few like you. Why would a mother do such a thing to her child. How long - truly - have you lived, dear half-elf? I get the feeling we shant meet again.

#### Vul'khan

> Truly, a man with no secrets? You wear your heart upon your sleeve. Along, it seems with the blood of your comrade. Do you regret your actions shifter? His mistress pursues you, she shelters the Tiefling from my brethren and I. Wench. I will be direct as I seek revenge for that action, find dispellment of your curse in the forgiveness of the creature you struck down.
